Add partner docs templates to non-build folder (#4145)
segmentio/segment-docs: templates/partners/source.md

This is an [Event Cloud Source](https://segment.com/docs/sources/#event-cloud-sources) which can not only export data into your Segment warehouse, but they can also federate the exported data into your other enabled Segment Destinations.

> Update your company name and support email address.

This source is maintained by YOURINTEGRATION. For any issues with the source, [contact their Support team](mailto:support@YOURINTEGRATION.com).

> Update your company name (x2) and support email address.

_**NOTE:** The YOURINTEGRATION Source is currently in beta, which means that they are still actively developing the source. This doc was last updated on January 23, 2019. If you are interested in joining their beta program or have any feedback to help improve the YOURINTEGRATION Source and its documentation, [let  their team know](mailto:support@YOURINTEGRATION.com)!_

## Getting Started

> Include clear, succinct steps including hyperlinks to where customers can locate the place in your app to enter their Segment writekey. 

1. From your workspace's [Sources catalog page](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/sources/catalog) click **Add Source**.

> 2. Search for "YOURINTEGRATION" in the Sources Catalog, select click YOURINTEGRATION, and click **Add Source**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Search for "YOURINTEGRATION" in the Sources Catalog, select YOURINTEGRATION, and click **Add Source**.
```

> 3. On the next screen, give the Source a nickname configure any other settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the next screen, give the Source a name and configure any other settings. 
```
